.TH HOT\-BABE 1 "September 3, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
hot\-babe \- is a small graphical utility which displays the system 
activity in a very special way.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hot\-babe
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hot\-babe
is a small graphical utility which displays the system 
activity in a very special way. When the CPU is idle, it displays a 
dressed girl, and when the activity goes up, as the temperature 
increases, the girl begins to undress, to finish totally naked when the 
system activity reaches 100%. Of course, if you can be shocked by 
nudity, don't use it!
.SH OPTIONS
As for now, \fBhot\-babe\fP supports a few command\-line options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
display a small help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-threshold n
ensure that only the first picture (totally dressed girl) as long as the 
system activity is below n%.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-delay
n update the display every n milliseconds.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-incremental
ponder every sample with time, the result is a somewhat smoother 
animation, and the cpu has to be 100% for a long time before the girl 
will be totally naked, and the cpu has to be at 0% for a long time for 
the girl to dress totally.
.TP
.B \-N, \-\-noNice
Don't consider reniced processes. This is usefull if you use seti@home 
or distributed.net, which always eat almost all the CPU.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-nice
n Put the hot\-babe process in nice n.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-dir
Directory give the directory where hot\-babe must load the pictures.
.TP
.B \-g, \-\-geometry
Use the specified geometry (only position is supported {+|-}x{+|x}y).
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-composite
Force hot-babe to use compositing. The default is to autodetect compositing.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-nocomposite
Force hot-babe to not using compositing.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.config/hot\-babe/config
User configuration file. Put any possible long or short option. Empty 
lines and whatever after a # are ignored.
.P
Here is an example:
.RS
.nf
#threshold 30
incremental
#noNice
#n 5
#delay 100
#dir hb01
#geometry +0-0
.fi
.RE
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This page has been updated by Cyprien <cyprien33@laposte.net> and Allan 
Wirth <allan@allanwirth.com>
